hi everyone Lucy here and today we're
going to talk more about the TOEFL
listening test and in today's lesson
specifically we're going to focus on
conversation skill to detail so in
today's lesson first we're going to
describe the tasks then we're going to
talk about the methods and finally we're
going to have some practice for you to
do on your own so the objective of
today's lesson is to understand exactly
how to complete the listening detailed
question type okay
so first of all how about this listening
task what exactly do you need to do well
let's take a look in this task you need
to identify a specific detail mentioned
in the conversation so for example a
person a place a time and so forth all
right next
what is our method well our first step
as always is to listen to the audio and
take notes so if you don't already I
would suggest getting a pen and paper so
you can take notes during this audio and
remember that note-taking skills are
extremely important in the TOEFL test if
you don't feel confident in your
note-taking skills take some time to do
some practice on your own you could do
this with news articles you could do
this with TOEFL listening tests you can
do this with lots of different resources
but note-taking is an essential skill
for the TOEFL test okay so as we said
before it's time for you to listen to
the audio and take notes are you ready
here is the audio hey Sarah hi Courtney
have you been into the art room lately
some of the stuff other students are
doing is awesome yeah I went in
yesterday I especially loved the
installation piece using recycled metal
I wonder whose that weighs I think it's
Murphy's house your art project coming
along it's okay I'm actually taking a
break from all the theoretical stuff
I've been focusing on to work on a more
abstract piece that sounds cool yeah I'm
using oil on canvas to create an
abstract painting which is different
from the talks I usually use for my
murals good for you it's always good for
artists to try different things what
about you what are you working on to be
honest I'm still thinking
but I can't decide if I want to do a
sculpture or a ceramic hmm maybe you
should talk to the professor for some
inspiration yeah great idea okay so from
this conversation we're able to take
lots of notes and remember that these
notes don't need to be full sentences in
fact they shouldn't be full sentences
you don't have time for that instead you
just need to write down any key words
key ideas anything that you can hear but
without writing down full phrases so
let's take a look here are some sample
notes we have art room installation
break from theoretical focus on abstract
piece oil-on-canvas
abstract painting and sculpture versus
ceramic so what's our next step
well next we get to read the question
and so remember you're going to have to
listen to the conversation before you
get to read the question so that's why
the note-taking skills are so incredibly
important to this part of the test so
let's take a look at the question it
says which of the following best
describes the students art project a
abstract be theoretical see installation
or D mural okay what's our next step
well now you to pull out those notes to
see if you can find the answer to this
question see if you can find reference
to this detail in your notes and let's
pull up that question and our notes
again so we can compare them so take a
moment look at the question look at the
notes see if you notice any comparison
between them any connection here now
remember our next step is to eliminate
any answers that are obviously wrong
some things you can look for our answers
that don't match they are too general
they're contradictory right they say the
opposite or something that wasn't
mentioned at all so again let's take a
look at our notes and our question to
see if there's any that we can eliminate
okay so obviously now the next step is
going to be to answer the question okay
if you haven't already I want you to
choose an answer to that question if you
need to go back and look again feel free
but let's see if we can answer the
question all right so here's our next
step to choose the remaining answer and
so which answer did you choose did you
choose a abstract hopefully now if you
look at our notes you can see focus on
abstract piece abstract painting the
answer is right there in the notes okay
hopefully that wasn't too daunting but
now it's time for you to do your own
practice and if you don't already make
sure you have a pen and paper available
to take notes during your sample
listening okay so remember the first
step here is going to be to listen and
take notes okay so the conversation is
going to start in just a moment are you
ready here it goes
okay I guess I'll see you this afternoon
in class then wait there are a couple
other things I need to ask you okay
first everyone's getting together after
class to study for the exam
oh cool weird we were thinking on the
grass behind the library it's a
beautiful day to be outside but first
we're gonna have some lunch at the
cafeteria who want to join us sure
sounds good I gotta go past my dorm to
drop off something first okay and AH
would you be able to bring your study
notes from last week's lecture I missed
it
okay so I hope you were able to take
some useful notes remember that you
can't see the question until after you
have listened and so now it's time for
you to see the question so make sure you
compare your notes to the question and
here is your question
so were you able to eliminate any
obviously wrong answer choices were you
able to choose the correct answer let's
take a look and the answer is C behind
the library so how did you go were you
able to answer the question correctly I
certainly hope so
remember if you listen carefully and
take very careful notes then you should
be fine and the best way to do that is
to practice just practice your
note-taking skills and practice your
TOEFL listening skills so thank you so
much for watching guys and remember that
if you have any questions don't be
afraid to visit our website at e to
language comm thank you again for
watching I hope you have a great day bye